Ebubechukwu, who is she?<br> well,

Evergreen is her smile, interwoven with the vibes i adore so much, clears up the fog set by unkind days.
Beautiful, beauty unfathomable, i have to stop and stare for a while, not to admire but to make sure she's real, because how could every smile, frown, and every expression made be a masterpiece, breathtakingly beautiful.
Understanding of my annoying nature and vexing behaviour, or should i say tolerant, i am a handful, i will admit
Boldly expressing what she stands for and rigid is her stance, she inspires me.
Educating me on my shortcomings and flaws, she shows me how to be a better person,
Changing the way i see life as she does
Has the body i yearn for and the ability to drive me crazy and put me in my place, call me to order, whatever she wants, i am King but i'm her subject.
Under the pretty face and her alluring body worth of a goddess, a beautiful mind, from whence poetry and wisdom flows
Kings would beg, Lords plead and the powerful grovel for an audience with my love
With grace, you approach a new age, with your head high, charm intact, one of the strongest women i know
Unravel this new year and all it's adventures, pain, highs and lows it comes with and know i always will be your supporter and the lord guide you, keep you and bless you for me. Happy Birtday Wovey










hey miracle

I know today hasn't necessarily been the best birthday ever, but i just wanna say...Happy birthday to a pretty, fuuny, extremely talented and creative person.
Miracle, i'm glad i know you, you're weird and interesting😂 and a really good friend. i'm glad you texted me on FB that time frrr. i know 20 years sounds crazy but i want you to know that i'm here for you, if you ever need someone to talk to n shi.
People suck and that's the reality of stuff, i know you've had rough experiences and all but i hope and pray this new year brings you way better days, people, lifestyle, relationships and what not. 
I wish you all the happiness in the world and more. May you always find reasons to smile, even on tough days. I pray you’re surrounded by love and positivity always, and whenever life is a bitch, you get up turn it around.
I pray for academic excellence, i pray you smash everything, like every single thing, from classworks to assignments to projects, like a whole new wave of academic excellence like never seen before, i hope every exam is a breeze. Most of all, i pray you hardwork pays off and you get the opportunites you deserve.
I pray you experience God in his goodness and mercy and grace. I pray the lord guides you, keeps you, may his face shine upon you and may he be gracious unto you.


















